# TankSimulator

Game about commanding your Leopard 2A4 tank. In real life you as a commander are not directly controlling the tank you are just giving orders to your crew. This is exactly what this project is about - giving verbal orders to your crew.

While the verbal part is not implemented yet, it is prepared and tested and already in the project (except large language models). You can even test it yourself by pressing the 'SPACE' key and speak. If the program hears something you will see it in the left upper corner.

What can you do right now:
- Drive your tank:
    - 'E' - to ingage forward gear
    - 'Q' - to ingage backward gear
    - 'W' - to increase the speed driver will try to achieve
    - 'S' - to decrease the speed driver will try to achieve
    - 'A'/'D' - for turning the tank
- Move around:
    - 'O' - go outside of the tank (has two positions)
    - 'I' - go inside of the tank
    - 'MOUSE' - looking around
    - 'B' - use binoculars (you can zoom in/out via scroll wheel on your mouse)
- Reload main gun:
    - 'K' - order for the loader to reload armor piercing round (you have to do this BEFORE firing the main gun)
- Aim the gun:
    - When inside the tank there is monocular right in front of you. Hold LMB on it to interact with it and enter aim mode (you can zoom in/out via scroll wheel on your mouse)
    - 'V' - lead cannon to direction of your periscope
    - 'C' - order gunner to look at point your are point with your periscope
- Fire the main gun:
    - 'X' - fire the main gun (if it's not working try to reload first)


You can download build version of the game here:
https://1drv.ms/f/c/b4fdb2ad2a628e12/IgAJYZFFjTsuTbxYk17Ilqh8AYAd-kRzarzpAySzuvm8qCk?e=1tv8l6


The game is using Whisper application as part of its algorithm for STT recognition.
The game is using Terrain Textures Pack Free by ALP.
The game is using FMOD.

Some parts of code were generated by ChatGPT (mainly STT algorithm).
Everything else was made by me.
